



Streamline
Content Creation
Upgrade Workflow Management
Simplify Media
Buying
Transforming your digital campaigns

POSSIBILITIES
Cape unlocks
Easy media buying and campaign activation
Creative & campaign localisation
Digital Asset Management
Creative versioning
Automated campaigning solutions
Creative campaign management

FASTER CAMPAIGN
SETUP
10x
MORE A/B TESTS
DAYS SAVED PER
CAMPAIGN
2x
9.8
ADS CREATED AND
PUBLISHED WEEKLY
4000+
HYPERLOCAL ASSETS AND TARGETING
1200+
REAL-TIME CAMPAIGNS
100%
Trusted by leading brands

“With Cape, we created an 
easy-to-use solution for clubs to run a local campaign that still follows the central campaign style.”
Maarten de Backer
Project Lead @ KNVB
“We’ve built a digital marketing launch machine, and are now able to set up our campaigns 10X faster.”
Yannick Kant
Global Lead Programmatic Display, Video and Social Advertising @ JustEatTakeaway.com

“We can finally ensure that the look and feel of our ads lives up to the quality of Wehkamp.”
Arlette Coenradi
Digital Advertising Specialist @ Wehkamp
“We save 20 days per month in the entire campaign process and get creatives ready 6X faster than before.”
Edwin Driehuijs
Product Owner Audience Activation @ Philips
Trusted by leading brands

DAM
Facilitate content distribution and ensure that users have access to company content 
Creative Management
Build workflows for asset review and campaign approval

Upgrade Workflow Management

Possibilities
Digital Asset 
Management
Facilitate content distribution, regulate brand guidelines and ensure the designated user has access to company content. This way (local) users, agencies and third parties always use the right assets.

Asset collection and distribution for retailers and local  teams
Joolz manages a large number of assets across various channels and formats that need to be easy to find for retailers. 
JOOLZ
RETAILER FOR STROLLERS AND BUGGIES
Centralised system
Better asset management with authorisation levels 
Advanced filters
Make distribution of assets and brand books easy for local teams
https://joolz.acceptance.campaigndesigner.io/asset-library/assets

Joolz manages a large number of assets across various channels and formats that need to be easy to find for retailers. 

With a centralised system for managing assets and authorisation levels, they ensure all of their content meets the necessary visual specifications. Advanced filters also makes distribution of assets and brand books easy for local teams.



DAM
features
Enrich assets through customized or automatic content tagging, set validity dates and customise authorisation levels. This way you can easily search collections, assets or search by elements in a visual.

Possibilities
Creative campaign
management


Build workflows for asset review and campaign approval.

HAVAS
Media plan execution
Havas needs an optimised workflow for their creative campaign management, so they can see at a glance what elements or approvals are necessary before go-live.
MEDIA AGENCY
Easy access
Import your media plan and creative asset collection 
Improved workflow
With predetermined approval flows, custom user roles and in-tool communication 
Havas needs an optimised workflow for their creative campaign management, so they can see at a glance what elements or approvals are necessary before go-live.

Havas implements a custom workflow that allows for importing a media plan, creative asset collection, predetermined approval steps, custom user roles and other collaborative functionalities such as commenting and sharing. Publishing only becomes available when everything is approved and ready to launch.

EXPEDIA
Retail media services
Expedia needs a way to orchestrate their retail media services by collecting information from their advertisers.
TRAVEL AGENCY
Place to manage campaigns, budgets and assets 
Validation checks for ads go live on your platforms
Publish campaigns directly to platform of choice
1
Expedia needs a way to orchestrate their retail media services by collecting information from their advertisers.

Now they can manage all campaign types, budgets, and creatives in one place. This includes validation checks and the ability to publish campaigns to the right audience at the platform of choice, and all the necessary campaign build-up, targeting and naming conventions.

Streamline
Content Creation
Creative Versioning
With templates for all channels you can create hundreds of variations

Creative Localisation
Edit campaigns that need local translation, change product offers use different creative assets per market


Possibilities
Creative
versioning


Scale your output without scaling your team. With templates for all channels (display, social, video, DOOH, email & landing pages), creating hundreds of variations can be done in minutes instead of weeks.

Premium omnichannel
content
Streamz has different branding types for their owned series, movies, premium features and imported shows (e.g. HBO), that each come with their own weekly announcements. 
STREAMZ
STREAMING SERVICE
Fully omnichannel campaigns
All display, social and video campaigns created in one environment
Direct publishing
With integrations to the entire Google Stack, Meta, TikTok and YouTube
Right visual specs
Automatically get every campaign concept right when its embedded in the template
Streamz
Streamz Acceptance Environment - Here you can show a tiktok and Snapchat ad example 

Streamz TikTok  Social manual ads

Streamz has different branding types for their owned series, movies, premium features and imported shows (e.g. HBO), that each come with their own weekly announcements. 

With automation for display, social and video ads they ensure all visual specs are right for every format, and delivered to the right channel.


Recruitment 
campaigns
Tempo Team needs easy-to-use templates for recruiters that are quickly created and launched with every new job opening.
TEMPO TEAM 
RECRUITMENT AGENCY
On-brand and intuitive templates for recruiters without design experience
Different concepts for every purpose or vacancy type
Tempo team is a recruitment agency that helps brands recruit the right person for every role. They want to enable recruiters from companies to be able to set up their own campaigns - even when they do not have any design or marketing experience. With Cape they are now able to use concepts and tweak these for their own job openings.

New city 
openings
Online supermarket Picnic is growing fast and wants to activate campaigns as soon as they expand to a new area. 
PICNIC 
ONLINE SUPERMARKET
Fully feed-based video ads
All right location, language and images per city opening
Online supermarket Picnic is growing fast and wants to activate campaigns as soon as they expand to a new area. 

Whenever Picnic opens up in a new city, they can easily create video ads with copy for the designated location, in the right language  - all completely feed-based.

How to keep up with so many city openings (only minor tweaks, so how to keep this burden of designers)




Feed-based creation
with quality assurance
Wehkamp wants to automate the creation of campaigns that contain lifestyle imagery, while still remaining in control of the design. 
WEHKAMP
38
Weekly renewed campaigns
ONLINE DEPARTMENT STORE
Hours per week to get creatives ready instead of 12 hours before
100%
Feed-based setup with ability to edit post-production
3
Wehkamp Live Environment One feed produces multiple creatives for different channels (social, display, social video).
Wehkamp Acceptance Environment 

Wehkamp Feed Based - DEMO
One feed produces multiple creatives for different channels (social, display, social video).

Wehkamp wants to automate the creation of campaigns that contain lifestyle imagery, while still remaining in control of the design. 

They can now smartly scale all display, social, and video formats with a feed-based setup and the ability to edit post-production. With no rendering time during video edits (as these are HTML5 files until export)

Email creation 
Air France wants to send frequent and personal emails that contain the latest deals and pricing per location for a full omnichannel approach. 
AIRFRANCE 
AIRLINE
Custom email building blocks
Image uploads, dropdown selectors, or even feed integrations for pricing and offers
Landing pages
Set up landing pages in-tool so everyone gets to the right destination
Easy user interface
Mix and match and drag and drop blocks to create new email and landing pages in an easy user interface so you don’t need any email coding skills
Air France wants to send frequent and personal emails that contain the latest deals and pricing per location for a full omnichannel approach. 

With custom email building blocks and features such as image uploads, dropdown selectors, but also feed integrations for superpersonal emails with real-time pricing and offers that they can mix and match time and again. 

Creative automation
for video
Solis creates 780 video variants of the same campaign for every phase in the funnel and scales to 6 languages in minutes.
Funnel targeting
Create videos for every step of the funnel
Creation and scaling
Combine creative production with video automation to manage creation and scaling
Ad localisation
Create relevant ads by mixing and matching frames with automation
SOLIS 
RETAILER FOR KITCHEN APPLIANCES



Intuitive creative
versioning
With smart templates for all digital channels, you can create quick on-brand content, either manually or by connecting feeds for effortless creatives. With a configurable interface, the end-user only sees those options necessary for creative variation.
feed

Template DesignerIn-tool design
Create display, social and video templates from scratch in Cape. Designers can build templates without any coding experience.
Import custom Lottie animations and any type of feed
Copy and edit templates for endless template (and ad) variations
ING

ING Test Environment- Template designer example with creative 

ING Belgium - demo luna
Social template Creative builder
Social template Template designer

Wehkamp

Template Designer Wehamp

Set up projects in After Effects and directly upload your project into Cape. All layers in your project are automatically registered, so you can select per layer or element what you want to be able to change in the template. 

When you have decided on your dynamic elements, you can start creating variations of your video ad with a template. 
Template DesignerAE plugin

Possibilities
Creative
localisation
Edit campaigns that need local translation, change product offers use different creative assets per market.

Campaign library for
local teams
KLM needs a way to manage global campaigns with local agility. 
KLM
AIRLINE
Campaign library
Local teams and agencies can use campaign concepts to launch themselves
Feed support
Insert translations, select offers from predefined lists or work fully feed-based
KLM needs a way to manage global campaigns with local agility. 

With ready-to-use campaign concepts, local teams can create and launch campaigns themselves. Local teams can insert translations and select offers from predefined lists - or even fill in everything fully feed-based.


Intuitive templates for
local clubs
KNVB wants to empower local football clubs to put out their own campaigns without losing touch with the brand identity. 
KNVB
1
800
FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION
Central concept
Pre-set campaign types and templates for social media and print
Footbal clubs
All clubs can locally create campaigns without any design experience
KNVB wants to empower local football clubs to put out their own campaigns without losing touch with the brand identity. 

Now they put almost 800 clubs in control with pre-set campaign types and templates for social media and print, so they can locally create campaigns without any design experience.

Asset localisation for 
custom video projects
Rituals needs a way to localise their unique video campaigns without manually editing them.
RITUALS
HTML5 template
Video editing without rendering times
After Effects plug-in
More creative freedom and custom animations
HOME AND BODY COSMETICS
Insert translations for all formats and video lengths
Rituals needs a way to localise their unique video campaigns without manually editing them.

Rituals can now easily insert translations for all formats and video lengths. Once the video is approved, they can export it as MP4 to any channel.


Centralised approach  
to localisation
Just Eat Takeaway creates different assets in form and function, for each and every market, so they need a scalable setup. 
Multimarket templates
With the right (local) logo and language variations for each market
Quick to market
Campaigns can go live within 20 minutes across all markets
JUST EAT TAKEAWAY.COM
FOOD DELIVERY
Takeaway Acceptance Environment Examples of different languages and creatives that can be edited based on one template. 
Display video UKDisplay ads, including creative with video. Easily change the video by selecting one of the available videos in a drop-down


Just Eat Takeaway creates different assets in form and function, for each and every market, so they need a scalable setup. 

Templates automatically hold the right (local) logo and language variations for each market. Campaigns can go live within 20 minutes across all markets with all assets in Google CM360, Google DV360 and Meta for Business. 


Centralised approach  
to localisation
JUST EAT TAKEAWAY.COM
FOOD DELIVERY

Simplify Media
Buying
Campaign
Activation
Faster cross-channel delivery with direct integrations to all ad platforms
Automated Campaigning
Build smarter campaigns and automate the campaigning process from end-to-end

Location-based
Campaigning
Set up campaigns per market, city or postcode level

Possibilities
Localised campaigning
Set up campaigns for all your markets so your creatives reach the right audience every time. Even set up your targeting on city or postcode level.

Location-based 
video automation
Picnic wants to create hundreds of video ads that contain different product combinations to show off the perfect food deals for every grocery list. 
Feed & real-time data
Select the best-performing products per regions and update ads in real-time
Mix & match
Use multiple assets to create unique campaigs based on location, day of the week, and trending products
PICNIC 
ONLINE SUPERMARKET
Picnic
Feed-based - Product images  for Meta → Facebook AD id 

Picnic wants to create hundreds of video ads that contain different product combinations to show off the perfect food deals for every grocery list. 

With a predefined feed that connects to your video template, you can set up a different campaign per city with the right assets and targeting.


Automated city- 
localised ads
Food delivery campaigns have a very granular setup, as they need to be tailored to city or even postcode area. 

With a feed-based setup, Just Eat Takeaway can manage the creation and publication of city-specific ads.
Feed-based updates
For every new city entry, a new ad is created
Automated targeting
Manage your targeting to all the right creatives with feeds
JUST EAT TAKEAWAY.COM
FOOD DELIVERY
Feed-based City ads. Dutch 
Based on feed input, ads are created including relevant partners, language, right logo.

Food delivery campaigns have a very granular setup, as they need to be tailored to city or even postcode area. 

With a feed-based setup, Just Eat Takeaway can manage the creation and publication of city-specific ads.

Please look into the ad localisation whitepaper in the Cape Commerical folder for more information on the specifics of city based ads (e.g. difference in Meta / Google)


Hyperlocal campaigning
with a Google Studio setup
For granulair campaigns per city with small audiences, Vandebron needs easy templates and a Google Studio integration for localised targeting.
VANDEBRON
GREEN ENERGY
Hyperlocal campaigns
Templates compatible with Google Studio connected to different channels
Automated campaigns
Pushed or paused ads depending on the availability of energy suppliers
100%
Vandebron
Vanderbron Campaign Designer
Cape creates templates compatible with Google Studio. With Cape, Vandebron can create templates for Google Studio, so they are in control of their own creatives.
Google studio

For granulair campaigns per city with small audiences, Vandebron needs easy templates and a Google Studio integration for localised targeting.

Vandebron can effortlessly create, scale and deliver their hyperlocal campaigns across different channels with templates compatible for Google Studio. One-off ad shells will automatically take data from the feed and push or pause the ads depending on the availability of the energy suppliers.


Possibilities
Easy media buying
and campaign
activation


Simplify your campaign set-up for faster cross-channel delivery with direct integrations to ad platforms and social channels. 

Templates for 
campaign strategies
JUST EAT TAKEAWAY.COM
FOOD DELIVERY
Just Eat Takeaway needs a quick way to launch multimarket campaigns without spending hours in the ad platform. 
Minutes to set up campaign across all markets in Google & Meta
20
Publication templates with dynamic elements per campaign
Just Eat Takeaway needs a quick way to launch multimarket campaigns without spending hours in the ad platform. 

With publication templates, they create distinctive campaign types that each have a standardised media strategy (e.g. brand awareness), where they can select what dynamic elements are crucial per specific campaign release. 


Automated ad updates
in Meta Ads Manager
Migros needs weekly renewed video ads with all new product specs in different languages, updated prices in 3 formats. 
MIGROS
SUPERMARKET
With every line update in the feed, a new video is uploaded in existing Meta campaign
Migros needs weekly renewed video ads with all new product specs in different languages, updated prices in 3 formats. 

Whenever a line is added or updated in the feed, new videos are created and uploaded to Meta Ads Manager with the same targeting. Now they can easily publish any type of creative into existing campaigns for fast delivery.


Global templates for 
creation and publication
Phillips needs its global formats to be distributed across all markets, which often have different banner specifications or advertising rules and regulations and on top of that high creative agency costs per market.

With templates and global toolkits, local markets can now effortlessly create, scale and deliver all-round campaigns without concessions or high agency costs. 
PHILIPS
CONSUMER ELECTRONICS
Days saved in the entire E2E process
20
Faster asset creation than creative agency
6X
Integration to Amazon
+
Phillips 
Amazon set up- different markets/different languages 
Philips environment

Phillips needs its global formats to be distributed across all markets, which often have different banner specifications or advertising rules and regulations and on top of that high creative agency costs per market.

With templates and global toolkits, local markets can now effortlessly create, scale and deliver all-round campaigns without concessions or high agency costs. 


Automated creation 
and ad ops to YouTube
Coolblue wants to manage their always-on ads on YouTube with videos that contain the latest products, reviews, and pricing. 
COOLBLUE
Automated delivery to YouTube
100%
CONSUMER ELECTRONICS
Always-on ads creation and publication without touching a button
Coolblue wants to manage their always-on ads on YouTube with videos that contain the latest products, reviews, and pricing. 

With a setup that allows for automated creation and ad ops they can manage their always-on ads without the touch of a button. The feed detects changes and triggers the creation and publication per ad. 


Dynamic audience 
targeting
Proximus wants to link creatives to multiple target audience groups.
PROXIMUS
Campaign flights that link to dynamic audiences
20
Ad variations that link to dynamic audiences
5000
TELCO
Dynamic targeting linked to GMP and MFB
Proximus wants to link creatives to multiple target audience groups.

They now create on-brand ads with dynamic targeting that are directly linked to Google Marketing Platform and Meta for Business. This gives them a fully automated creative and campaign process, while they stay in control for final tweaks. 


Templatise your
campaign strategies
Distinctive campaign types each have a standardised media strategy (e.g. brand awareness). This structure means that the majority of your campaign management can be made simple with templates. Select what dynamic elements are crucial per specific campaign release, while we take care of the correct set-up so that your ads can be sent to the ad-server or DSP error-free according to preset media strategies.
Tailor-made according to your existing campaigns
Increased agility with quick campaign setup
100% error-free
10X faster campaign launch

Possibilities
Automated
campaigning
solutions
Campaigning without touching a button. Build smarter campaigns and automate the campaigning process from end-to-end.

Automated campaign management
ERA wants to advertise sold houses that can then further stimulate sales in that neighborhood, without having to manually keep track of sold homes and thus creating new ads. 
ERA
Automated ad updates daily
200
REAL ESTATE AGENCY
Feed-based creative production, ad-
serving and campaign management
For every sold house, a new campaign is created and targeted to MFB and GMP
ERA
Facebook:
Magic - Facebook - Single - Nieuwbouw - FR 


ERA wants to advertise sold houses that can then further stimulate sales in that neighborhood, without having to manually keep track of sold homes and thus creating new ads. 

Based on spreadsheets, creative production, ad-serving and campaign management are automated for homes that are for sale or just sold. Whenever a house gets sold, automatically a campaign is set up - including the creative and targeting options to Meta for Business and the Google stack. 


Smarter campaigns
Incorporate real-time data into your ads, so you can instantly push, pause or remove campaigns
A-B testing
Push campaign variations that connect to your audience
Weather or location
Use location to your advantage and increase ad relevance without cookies
Stock insights
Pause campaigns when your stock is running low

Feed-based updates




Features
Best-in-class
features


With innovative features for the most efficient workflow, ad creation and easy ad delivery, you’ll be sure to outperform your competition.

Enhanced workflow
Personal dashboard
Unique roles & rights
In-tool communication
With a content calendar that shows all upcoming campaigns important to you.
Flexible authorisation levels, and approval cycles for every phase in the campaign - tailor-made to your needs.
Clear communication and fewer handovers with chat modules, in-tool or email notifications, and review options.

Visual analysis
Our visual analysis AI can help you make data-informed decisions about elements in your creatives that to boost your ad performance. 
Google Vision API
Measure ad performance before they go live
A/B testing feedback during design process

Visual analysis
Our visual analysis AI can help you make data-informed decisions about elements in your creatives that to boost your ad performance. 
Google Vision API
Measure ad performance before they go live
A/B testing feedback during design process

Reporting
Improve the measurement of your multichannel campaigns with high-level reporting. Now, everyone can have access to real-time campaign data, so users can respond accordingly and adjust campaigns in the same environment. 
Configurable dashboard
Choose your desired metrics (e.g. views, clicks and conversions)
Comprehensive analytics
Compare campaigns, ad groups and ads from different ad platforms
Authorisation management
Manage access on market and user level
Current situation:
Scope: display and YouTube campaigns for Albert Heijn partners
Ads are created by the partners and send the media services team
Briefing form is set-up by the account team 
Campaigns are set-up in CM360 and DV360
Campaigns are standardised, with only 4 changing variables:
Partner name
Campaign type(s): Remarketing, Lookalike prospecting or both
Audience selection 
 Budget
Currently, the Media Services team send the briefing form, the UTM sheet and the ads to Dentsu who traffics the ads and activates the campaign in DV360. 

extra slide voor extended reach campaign:
We will set-up a Cape solution for the media services team.
We digitise the form in our briefing module. In this scenario, the media services team can invite the account team to the Cape solution and complete the briefing in-tool. Or the account team can create a campaign, fill in the briefing form after which a notifcation is send to the mediaservices team.
After campaign approval, creatives can be added to the campaign. 
We will allow the media services team to:
Select the audiences: do note that the audiences remain in the ad platforms and or your analytical stack. Cape only has matching tables, no audience data is read or processed.  
Determine the budget.
Set the start date and end date.
We assume that all other data such as partner name that are necessary for the campaign build up, naming conventions, etc. will be retrieved from the briefing. 
After a final check by the media services team and a mandatory approval, the campaign can be published. This process if fully automated, i.e.:
The trafficking to CM360, including a taxonomy and UTM generator
Publish to DV360 using preset publish profiles (‘templates’), including audience selection
The day-to-day management of the campaigns, for example tweaking targeting or budgets, can be done in DV360.

Chat GPT & AI image generation
Ask our integrated AI image generator to create anything for endless creative possibilities. With our connection to OpenAI ChatGPT, you can ask the text generator to write about whatever you want, from emails to landing pages, and it will be ready in just seconds. 

Audio composer
With our audio composer you can create a new voiceover based on different audio snippets that are reordered and merged into a new audio fragment. You can use this for audio-based or video ads. 

Photoshop integration
With a direct integration to Cape, you can create projects in Adobe Photoshop and directly upload your project into Cape. All layers in your project are automatically registered, so you can select per layer or element what you want to be able to change in the template. 

Liberate people 
Drive operational efficiencies
01
02
03
Reclaim time and control
We want marketers, designers, and media teams to unlock their full potential and focus on what is most important: 

creating more relevant and better- performing campaigns. 

Digital campaigning made 
faster better easier

Cape creates smart solutions that let you collaborate with all your stakeholders, create content at superhero speed and automate your media buying.
Amsterdam Cape
Spijkerkade 2
1021 JS 

We automate 
digital campaigns
London Peach
10 John Princes St
W1G 0JW


Tilburg Cape
Fraterstraat 22
5041 DL
Sydney Peach / Cape
1 Sussex Street - Barangaroo
2000
